TODO:
	Intro: When Hikari tells the story, maybe change a bit that, make her tell the story to someone else, to avoid "disembodied narrator" as I don't like it.
	RedWyvern: Fix gameover, currently not triggering.
	RedWyvern: Check balance, it's a bit too hard in active mode.
		- Nerf fliers. 20% evasion is way too much!
		- Slow down enemy more while player is selecting actions.
==

intro
	training cave
	phamas forest
	haleko mountain (p)ass
	end: graduation
	n.parnassus letter to syrus
	monsters' hideout
	parnassus ruins exploration
	end: raid at the academy (?)
ep1
	1:syrinx colisseum
		I guess you win and they end up stealing the key
		get Eric after beating him in the final! rival or something
	2:cyr's library of legends
		tracking the guys at the northern :) cave (idk what to call it)
	opening the path to niflheim
	end: battle against leviathan deathworm
	pursue Harvik into Niflheim
ep2
	Brenda comes along? Eric feels can't leave her behind, alone. She stays at the ship all time basically
	niflheim stuff
	get to Octavius' town, you'll meet her, she'll help you as a guide through Niflheim, ~~we could help the town with something I guess, which also gives a Octy intro dungeon sort of~~
	meet Hel, as a human, with child-like appearance
	maybe we can get a taste of the hm... dangerous Hel is, as an all-powerful being with a pure heart (?)
	beat Harvik? maybe not kill tho, but reacquire the eye of the Beast King
	Brenda gets fucked in the oceans of mana, apparently dies, mutates into uhh
	you're obligated to continue moving forward into Asgard
ep3
	
ep4
	
.owo
	I should add a Golden Saucy ;A;
	Hikari on a play, be a total failure. maybe like bunny suit and she's red and embarrassed and just stands there and hates it
	
.plotpoints
	killing monsters makes hikari mentally unstable? or at least the stronger they are
	-absorbing monsters would explain how filgjas work, I guess
	-or maybe something about them existing as mana, and being absorbed by any character in general, crystallized and being able to be junctioned and recalled
	-or both lol
	destruction of town of _ (place where Harvik comes from) by the academy
	why is niflheim/asgard relevant? they're both a bit shoehorned .-. or underutilized
	
	politics? more like... POO-litics! media manipulation, sensationalism, etc. conspirations were all along uh conspirashuns
	will someone get violent? revenge blindness and so on, and if so, who would be and against who? Odin could definitely just murder someone in cold blood though, like Harvik.
	the Skíðblaðnir saves the day at the end? attacks Lagronova on auto, helps at getting to the top of the Tower of Victory
	should a second profecy talk about the role of the races, or something/someone mention it, how they're kind of the same, each fighting for their own cause, all beings possessing their own will
		tho I guess also mention the way lilim act is usually not able to create understanding, except when it does, like with the wyvern and even Nybras (he's evil on his own accord, not because he's a lilim)
	
	you know... I kinda wish I could do... At meet with Mana, Hikari gets the option to join them. And then you get the option to either continue with Hikari or continue with whatever main team.
	this would probably mean some characters going with Hikari (should this also have its own ramifications? would Minuet join Hikari?) AND also the pain of making sprites for Taro, Mana (this I need anyway), 
	and party versions of Brenda and Nybras.
	
===
TODO (RMXP)
	"Retry" near Armored Insect, check stability (sometimes event does not work well after retry?).
		- OK so what's going on, it's that when events have the "If Lose" branch, they shouldn't run the gameover event. Instead, let the "on lose" do its thing. Don't call gameover when "on lose" is present.
	Maybe implement some sort of pseudo-RNG to help with consecutive misses.
===
Harvik is definitely another faction, so what if Aleko and Harvik's country have been fighting for control somewhere, or more like... Aleko wants to occupy their country.
Yes, this is a Palestine reference, sorry. I do want to emphasize that neither is good, kinda? So not vilifying Aleko either. But! Harvik and the rest's motive rests there, 
they will acquire the Eye of the Beast to use its power. The eye was collected by Jorgen after killing Manju and Ludwig. It was then believed to be lost, despite being an
important Utgarian relic.

PENDING: Give country and Harvik's team a name. Maybe something like the Dark Shell. Or the Dark Frame. It's English for Armazón Oscuro. XDDSDJASKDJASKDJSAKD

After participating at the Parnassus Ruins mission, and Harvik attacking and destroying the Academy, you're sent to search for the key to Yggdrasil, the dimensional door.
First mission is about searching the key, which appears to be the prize of the tournament at Syrinx colisseum. So beat some ass, get the key, but hey! There's one guy here,
gasp it's Harvik, he then steals the key from you and runs away.
Second mission, go to Cyr and check on the library. They get attacked by some assailants (?) that seem suspiciously similar to-- yeah it's Harvik's people again. This time
you don't see traces of their boss (Harvik) but you do get to fight against uhh some boss or something. Could put the Chimera here, somehow.

As for the end of the chapter...

Aleko does decide to murder everyone in XCountry/town (? Harvik's). Aleko's motif is currently about the attack of Harvik's group to the Academy, they decide they will 
clean the area, in case the rebels are still alive. You try to intervene and oppose to it, you prove to be at least enough of a hindrance. You're then sent to Niflheimr in 
what Jorgen describes (to himself or something) as a suicide mission.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Fehu		cattle
Uruz		wild ox
Thurisaz	a god (Thunraz)
Ansuz		god
Raido		ride
kaunan		ulcer
gebo		gift
wunjo		joy
hagalaz		hail
naudiz		need
isaz		ice
jera		harvest
ihwaz		yew-tree
perth		pear-tree
algiz		elk
sowilo		sun
tiwaz		god tiwaz
berkanan	birch
ehwaz		horse
mannaz		man
laguz		water
ingwaz		god ingwaz
dagaz		day
othala		heritage

===
DAYS OF THE WEEK
	Raido		ride
	Fehu		cattle
	ehwaz		horse
	Uruz		wild ox
	algiz		elk
	mannaz		man
	sowilo		sun

SPRING
	tiwaz		god tiwaz (Tyr)
	gebo		gift
	ihwaz		yew-tree
SUMMER
	ingwaz		god ingwaz (Freyr)
	jera		harvest
	perth		pear-tree
FALL
	Thurisaz	a god (Thunraz/Thor)
	kenaz		torch
	wunjo		joy
WINTER
	othala		heritage
	naudiz		need
	isaz		ice
	hagalaz		hail

berkanan	birch
Ansuz		god
dagaz		day
laguz		water